hi i'm ryan hollins I'm seven feet to
the 40 pounds I'm a leader I'm a hard
worker I had to work for everything that
I have I love to do things the right way
I love to give back I love to be being
selfless I'm a huge heart when I play
the game of basketball that I love you
see it on the court seating every played
every practice and that's who I am
basketball gave me something to shoot
for something to achieve something to to
love was always in my head so that just
you know pretty much kept me out the
streets at the times I was in the
streets i'm like okay not gonna be out
here acting up I have a you know future
ahead so basketball gave me a life to
look forward to
growing up in pasadena was tough there
are many snares just as anywhere else
you know drugs violence gangs I was
definitely blessed and fortunate to be
able to get out if you know kind of work
through those get over those obstacles
with it what a great support system
around myself through my years at john
muir i went from literally a guy who was
the worst guy in the program didn't make
the team didn't make the squad and by
the end of my senior year the best
player one of the best players to ever
play at john near high school and I'm so
thankful of the opportunity to have
failed to have gone against that tragedy
and turn it in triumph I know it sounds
crazy but I'm the man I am today because
I was cut that day because every time I
got on the court it was about hard work
is about excellence it was about
bettering myself even when I had a
little bit of success it still wasn't
enough and I continue to work my legacy
at UCLA when I look back at a big guy
that worked hard a guy that grew from a
boy to a man from a member of the team
to the leader of the team you know my
dad always taught me to leave things
better than they were when you first got
there there's nothing that can break me
because of what I had to do to succeed
I'm the man I am today because I went to
UCLA and went through that 50th pick in
the 2006 dr ryan hollins to the
Charlotte Bobcats I was all the way away
from home I've been told my whole life I
love every bit of Charlotte you know
that was my first taste of the NBA
halfway through the season I was traded
to dallas where i got my first taste of
the playoffs was an exciting moment from
there I went on to Minnesota and then
from Minnesota I went on to play
Cleveland very very prideful city then
from Cleveland I went to Boston and this
changed my life my career my whole
outset on on basketball the pride the
tradition everything that the Boston
Celtics had to offer in coach Doc Rivers
and you know from that to come all the
way back home with the los angeles
clippers i had the opportunity be
reunited with my coach in the Boston
Celtics Doc Rivers and
you know stories yet to be told first
time I get the LA our first trip our
first games we ship off to China so
while in Beijing we go to the Great Wall
of China so I'm sitting there looking
around with my teammates are and I look
out I'm like man this is this is amazing
this is his life right here and and I
really had to sit back and slow down
finally say wow this little game of
basketball that I started playing the
backyard took me all the way to China
halfway around the world and people know
my name there they're wearing our
jerseys they play the team i'm signing
autographs on me they're taking pictures
so just just this opportunity just hit
me and sail wow this little roundball
has really done wonders for my self
being a Los Angeles clipper it is huge
so stepping into those shoes is is
unreal every time that I make that walk
through staples center every time that I
now stepping I see my name across that
jersey I mean I just have a hometown
pride for Pasadena for Los Angeles for
everything that I grew up in taking that
into effect it's everything to me and
it's a part of success i feel like the
NBA is an honor but beyond that honor
I'm representing my hometown my people
I'm not just playing for any people i'm
playing for my people what I grew up
watching when I grew up seeing you know
represented my people every time that I
stepped on the course
you know I see the opportunity that
basketball is giving me to you know get
back to my city when I made the decision
to come back to John Mayer high school
and you know throw my basketball camp I
didn't expect it but I probably the most
rewarding time working with the kids
stains in life lessons I had to look up
and realize that I'm that shot gone now
I'm that Stacey augment I'm that Jackie
Robinson you know coming out of John
Mayer high school I was once that camper
seeing everything come around full
circle so this was my little piece to
give back to them to get back to
pasadena to give back to myself as a
veteran in the NBA had to start looking
past basketball solely in my eight-year
high the opportunity to help open a
restaurant home Beverly Hills in
addition to that pursue a career in
broadcasting talk basketball the game I
love and get paid to do it Fox Sports
West has allowed me to do some TV things
gave me the opportunity to blog I've
been able to do some radio for ESPN 7-10
being able to brand myself wall playing
to set myself up for after basketball
building that legacy and have those
opportunities aside from basketball a
real tech guy so I love to see the new
video games the new gadgets any of the
new technologies that I can get my hands
on her or use I mean I love it I'm a
huge imagine guy 2k and whatever new
game maybe you know I'd love to get out
and you know experience it and try it
out I want people to know that there's
more to ryan hollins than just athlete
you see on the floor I'm a family man
and a great father at that a member of
the community just like anybody else I
really love to give back and give what
was once given to me I'm so appreciative
of the opportunities that I've had and
the people that have helped me grow from
parents to the mentors and whatnot I
want to thank everybody for that and
know that I'm working hard to better
myself and everybody around me that's
who Ryan Hollins is
you